hi guys has been Heath Bromley guru and
in this video I'm going to quickly talk
about the best type of Facebook ad for
e-commerce businesses the type of ad
that you should be using if you're
selling products online so the best type
of Facebook ad for e-commerce businesses
from the testing that I've done is a
carousel ad and a carousel ad is an ad
format whereby you can display multiple
product images so you can not advertise
multiple products at once in a sort of
sliding carousel so each image has got
its own call-to-action it's got its own
headline and users when they see this ad
on Facebook they can scroll through
you've probably seen the sort of ad that
I'm talking about now for e-commerce
businesses in particular carousel ads
have many advantages so the first thing
is of course you can advertise multiple
products at once which is really useful
because different people within your
target market are going to be interested
in different products that you offer and
they're able to see oh I'm not
interested in that product but I can see
that there's a couple of others that I
am and they can scroll through and click
through whereas if you were just
advertising that one product anyone
who's not interested in that one product
is obviously not going to click on your
ad and not going to come through to your
store and make a purchase with carousel
ads you can also make sure that each
product image links to that specific
page on your website so they can go
there directly and make a purchase
instead of just sending people to your
website in general and hoping they
navigate to find each product each
individual product image in your
carousel can link directly to some
massive advantage the images in carousel
ads are also square they're not
rectangular which actually means they
take up more vertical space in people's
Facebook news feeds and of course the
more space they take up the more likely
the ads are to be noticed the ad is also
interactive which makes it a lot more
interesting users can scroll between the
different products and that added
engagement is going to help hold their
attention and Facebook is very
intelligent in how it shows carousel ads
so once you're and has been running for
a while they'll work out which product
image is working best within your
carousel and then automatically put that
one at the beginning so that when people
first see your ad that's the one that's
right in front of them and of course
using multiple images that advertise a
number of different products really
helps with ad fatigue so if you were
just advertising one product to the same
audience Oh
when over again they're going to become
bored and fatigued with that ad very
quickly whereas if you've got a carousel
ad that advertises four or five
different products you can run the same
ad to the same audience much longer
because it's going to update and change
as new products are put in front of them
from within your carousel ad now most
ecommerce businesses advertising on
Facebook still aren't using carousel ads
and they're really missing out because
from a lot of the testing that we've
done we've got a lot of clients that
have ecommerce businesses and we found
that carousel ads nearly always
outperform single image ad so if you do
have an e-commerce business I'd strongly
recommend you try them out and if you
are looking for help with your Facebook
advertising campaigns we could almost
certainly help you with that lead guru
my company is a digital marketing agency
that specializes in Facebook advertising
and we've run campaigns for many many
different businesses in many different
industries so whether you're looking for
leads sales webinar registrations to
build an email list grow brand awareness
we've done it before
and we can almost certainly help you get
what you're looking for so if you are
interested in working with us you can
let us know by leaving a comment below
or you can click on the link in the
video description that will take you
through to the contact page on our
website and you obviously be able to get
in touch there so hopefully we'll speak
soon but either way I want to wish you
the best of luck with your Facebook ad
campaigns bye for now